right now big breaking story jetway has
received news never thought possible by
any rationally thinking jet man and hey
you know what shut your trap New York
giant blue ball nation there is to such
thing as a rationally thinking jet fan
ok maybe not anyway back to the breaking
news the New York Jets have signed
quarterback Tom Brady
so pale that Jim Beam and chlamydia soap
retired Broadway Joe Jersey off the
stadium wall because mr. gisele bundchen
you've just got yourself a new number
twelve gang green jersey I'm sorry what
not Tom Brady okay well the news is the
Jets do indeed have a quarterback named
brady just not the Brady who's a
three-time Super Bowl champ but Brady
Quinn who despite his last name rhyming
with the word win boasts career stats
that the lead little to believe he knows
really anything about that at all but
hey he's a veteran league minimum baby
yeah and i should add Brady Quinn's
mother is New York City mayoral
candidate christine quinn who just like
her son is also competing for a job
against a greasy haired underpant
dropping cell phone scandal-plagued
perverted Weiner now it should be noted
in both competitions neither the Quinns
nor the wieners are expected to win at
all okay so neither be receiving keys to
the city office nor the keys to this
offense he stripped heats pombo to
something we've seen way too much from
mark sanchez so you know i like the move
by the Jets not so much because this
gives us the best chance to win but more
because of my amazingly cool fantasy
football team name I dream of Geno just
like I Dream of Jeannie the TV show from
a few years ago and by a few years ago I
mean a few decades ago why am I getting
so angry I don't know I guess I'm just a
jet fan
angry sometimes anyway where does this
all lead mark sanchez and i'm not
talking about Sanchez the quarterback
not Sanchez the foo manchu wearing Hulk
Hogan look-alike not Sanchez the ladies
headband where although seriously mark
you might want to think about walking
away from that little move of yours
immediately but where does this all
leave mark sanchez the football jersey
specifically my number six mark sanchez
football jersey i just bought this thing
less than a year ago where something as
stupid as this bit from last year's
jetway and i don't even really know that
much Spanish okay i can read spanish
about as well as i can read a defense of
coverage scheme and we all know how good
I am at that sure I was able to wiggle
into a youth extra large so I only had
to spend sixty dollars instead of the
usual adult small which is eighty
dollars but it doesn't matter that's
still sixty dollars and I'm never gonna
get back if there's only a way to do
some sort of exchange you know I can't
let him actually going to say this but
you know how with the Aaron Hernandez
thing you know he committed a little bit
of a crime you know murder and next
thing you know everybody who has
Hernandez Jersey they were able to just
turn that in for a completely new
patriots jersey I mean I you know I
don't want Sanchez to commit any crimes
but you know if he did
you know it wouldn't be the worst thing
in the world the worst thing in the
world would be if sanchez committed a
crime and then i couldn't turn in that
number six sanchez jersey for something
more respectable like I don't know a
vernon gholston jersey anything you have
any ideas of what Mark Sanchez could do
or even better what can we come up with
in order to frame mark sanchez to get
him kicked off the team in a way that's
so repulsive that it's so embarrassing
for the number-6 jerseys to be out and
about they have to do an exchange just
like what they had to do with Aaron
endet so anyway I think I've said enough
for this season premiere oh and one more
thing stop google searching Brady
Quinn's mother okay Christine Quinn is
not his actual mother all right I just I
don't know I made it up it's kind of
what we do here on the jetway all right
Jeff fans it's going to be a tough one
this year but it's okay you and me we'll
stay together we'll get through this one
we always do I think all right we'll
catch you next time peace I can see the
finish slam when you slam that finish
i'm so close to michael's i can do
almost all but over the gold pumps
you